kic: add Gateway API mention in KIC's architecture design overview (#4627)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/concepts/design.md

## Overview

> The {{site.kic_product_name}} configures Kong using Ingress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{site.kic_product_name}} configures {{site.base_gateway}} using Ingress
```

configuration changes, failures that are happening inside a Kubernetes
cluster.

---

> For more information on how Kong works with Routes, Services, and Upstreams,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how Kong works with routes, services, and upstreams,
```

> please see the [Proxy](/gateway/latest/reference/proxy/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please see the [proxy](/gateway/latest/reference/proxy/)
```

> and [Load balancing](/gateway/latest/how-kong-works/load-balancing/) references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [load balancing](/gateway/latest/how-kong-works/load-balancing/) references.
```

## Translation

> Kubernetes resources are mapped to Kong resources to correctly proxy all the traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes resources are mapped to Kong resources to proxy traffic.
```

There exist 2 flavors of objects in Kubernetes that can be used with
{{site.kic_product_name}} in order to procure a working {{site.base_gateway}}.

- an [Ingress][ingress]
- [Gateway API objects][gateway-api]

### Generic Kubernetes resources

> In Kubernetes there are several main concepts which we use to logically identify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes, there are several main concepts that are use to logically identify
```

> workloads and route traffic between/to them. Some of them are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workloads and route traffic between them. Some of them are:
```

> - A [Service][k8s-service] inside Kubernetes is a way to abstract an application
>   that is running on a set of pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Service][k8s-service] inside Kubernetes is a way to abstract an application that is running on a set of pods.
```

  This means that all requests flowing through Kong are not directed via
  kube-proxy but directly to the pod.

[k8s-service]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

### Ingress

> An [Ingress][ingress] resource in Kubernetes defines a set of rules for proxying
> traffic. These rules corresponds to the concept of Route in Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [Ingress][ingress] resource in Kubernetes defines a set of rules for proxying traffic.
These rules correspond to the concept of a route in Kong.
```

> The following figure describes the mapping between Kubernetes concepts and Kong's
> configuration, while using `Ingress`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image describes the relationship between Kubernetes concepts and Kong's
`Ingress` configuration.
```

![translating Kubernetes to Kong](/assets/images/docs/kubernetes-ingress-controller/k8s-to-kong.png "Translating k8s resources to Kong")

### Gateway API

Gateway API resources can also be used to produce running instances
and configurations for {{site.base_gateway}}.

The main concepts here are:

- A [`Gateway`][gateway-api-gateway] resource in Kubernetes describes how traffic

>   can be translated to Services within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  can be translated to services within the cluster.
```

- A [`GatewayClass`][gateway-api-gatewayclass] defines a set of Gateways that share
  a common configuration and behaviour.
  Each `GatewayClass` will be handled by a single controller, although controllers
  may handle more than one `GatewayClass`.
- [`HTTPRoute`][gateway-api-httproute] can be attached to a Gateway which will
  configure the HTTP routing behavior.
  
You can find more details about Gateway API concepts supported by {{site.kic_product_name}}

> in [here](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/references/gateway-api-support).

Reviewer 2: I think `here` is better than `in here` here, in grammar.

Author: I'll leave that up to the editors of docs. Thanks for bringing this up!

> in [here](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/references/gateway-api-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[here](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/references/gateway-api-support).
```
